Could you please bring me my favorite meal? I’m hungry and too tired to cook today!
The usual. Extra sunflower seeds. Make it quick.
Suuuuu braaah, could I get like, 4 double cheeseburgers and 4 fries, much appreesh madude.
My dog ate the meal I’ve been prepping all day! I need a quick solution to feed my kids!
One menu number 4 with a large drink please!
I’ll have the same as yesterday, and before yesterday, and the day before, and the day before that….
Hello, your restaurant is my favorite place in the world, I love every item on the menu. Surprise me!
I’ll have the special of the day, please. 
One order #5 and two kid’s specials. Tell your delivery guy to be careful on his bike!
I’ll take one of each item on your menu. Send your best-looking delivery person and I have a large tip waiting :)
One chef’s choice, please. 
I’ll take the Caesar salad, but no chicken, no croutons, no cheese and no sauce.
gvbn4toinvbc3b with some bvoerfninfit and a side of gt4rtyyvngiprngitj35, and ongf3rtnctn for desert.
Could you get me all the onion rings you have in stock? I’m doing an experiment…
Hewo, my mommy says I could owder some iiice kweem, and with also some chocowat sawce with wainbow spwinkles.. her kwedit kawd number is 4536-7768-0986-0912. But also, she said to tell you that it is a seekwet, so pwease deliver it to my bedwoom window instead of at the door. thank youuu
Hello, I would love a number 8 please. Thank you so much for your hard work.
Two large pizzas! Don’t forget, if it takes more than 30 minutes it’s free! We know our rights! You have 29m,53s left!
My friend says your place is better than McBirds. Prove him right and you will have a new loyal customer. Prove him wrong, and you will be hearing from me on Yelp.
I lost track of time. So busy. No time for cooking. Give me a #3 and a #4. Take your time. But be quick. 
How does this voice-to-text thing work, dear? Oh? It’s already on? The text is moving, how does voice-to-text thing work, dear? Oh? It’s already on? The text is.. wait, is this what I said? Oh! Hahahahehehe ok here I go. START OF MESSAGE, GIVE ME oh I don’t need to yell? Ok, sorry dear. Give me a pepsi please. End of sentence. Did it work? Oh. SEND MESSAGE